Adds new events (#4163)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/meet-the-team/events/js-nation/index.md

---
title: JS Nation 2023
summary: >-

>   JS conference focused on the latest trends in JavaScript development,
>   with 20k+ JS developers joining to shape the present and the future
>   of the prospering nation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  JS conference focused on the latest trends in JavaScript development,
  with over 20,000 JavaScript developers joining to shape the present and the future
  of the prospering nation.
```
